Add 2024 Annual Rust survey announcement blog post (#1438)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2024-12-03-annual-survey-2024-launch.md

---
layout: post
title: "Launching the 2024 State of Rust Survey"
author: The Rust Survey Working Group
description: "Share your experience using Rust in the ninth edition of the State of Rust Survey"
---

It’s time for the [2024 State of Rust Survey][survey-link]!

Since 2016, the Rust Project has collected valuable information and feedback from the Rust programming language community through our annual [State of Rust Survey][survey-link]. This tool allows us to more deeply understand how the Rust Project is performing, how we can better serve the global Rust community, and who our community is composed of.

> Like last year, the [2024 State of Rust Survey][survey-link] will likely take you between 10 and 25 minutes, and responses are anonymous. We will accept submissions until Sunday, December 22nd, 2024. Trends and key insights will be shared on [blog.rust-lang.org](https://blog.rust-lang.org) as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like last year, the [2024 State of Rust Survey][survey-link] will likely take you between 10 to 25 minutes, and responses are anonymous. We will accept submissions until Monday, December 23rd, 2024. Trends and key insights will be shared on [blog.rust-lang.org](https://blog.rust-lang.org) as soon as possible.
```
